(Yuya)
Previously on Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V...
(Sanders)
Sir, I have news!
We located
the enemy forces.
Yuya and his squad
of scrubs are beachside.
Make sure
you bring Yuya Sakaki
to me in one piece.
Stay back!
I am sensing a trap!
(student)
Too late!
Gotcha!
Just great!
You five Lancer losers
will face off against
five of my elite
in a no‐holds‐barred
Survival Duel
until only one of you
is left standing!
I activate the field spell
Predaprimal Jungle!
(breathing heavily)
(Yuya)
I can't believe it!
Moon Shadow!
The other card is one of
the cadets we're battlin'.
Do you really think they could
be turning against each other
this early in the duel?
(sniffles)
Nah, I think
it's someone else.
Because Moon Shadow
left us a clue.
Your name's Yugo, right?
Did you have any luck
finding that girl named‐‐
What was it?
Rin. Yeah, I found her.
Except, it wasn't
really her.
Rin had totally changed.
That's because she's
being... mind‐controlled.
Shay's sister Lulu too.
I heard the Professor's
right‐hand man
is behind this.
I know how
he's doing it!
He's using some kind
of bug parasite
to control their minds!
We have to
destroy that thing,
or Rin will never
be free.
♪♪♪
♪♪ Hey hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action,
are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere,
any day ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance,
go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards,
if you'll pay the price ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ It's showtime,
who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪♪ Go go go go ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
Lulu!
Shay! Wait!
Lulu?
Shay?
Shay!
Finally. I found you.
I'm... so happy to see you.
(gasps)
But, Shay...
we gotta get outta here,
like, right now.
I just saw Kite
and he was acting all crazy.
There's something wrong
with him.
(Kite)
There's nothing
wrong with me.
As for you, Lulu...
some screw seemed loose.
Watch it. That's my sister
you're talking about.
Just hold on a sec.
It's the Professor,
Shay.
He brainwashed
your sister.
She's dangerous!
Step away from her
or there's
gonna be trouble.
Trouble? Oh, no!
I told you
he was acting crazy.
Save me, Shay!
You'd be wise
to watch your mouth.
Now you had better
back off.
'Cause if you don't,
you're gonna find yourself
in some serious trouble
you can't handle.
So why don't you take a breath
and ask yourself
if trouble is something
you really do want?
(snickering)
I just love seeing
friends squabble.
It fills me
with such delight.
But not as much
as seeing all my hard work
in action.
Manipulating her mind like I'm
manipulating these cards
brings me such satisfaction.
Now, Lulu, attack.
(snickering)
♪♪♪
Shay, you gotta
believe me.
She's dangerous.
(laughing)
Let me go!
Lulu, what are you...?
(panting)
This is how she was
with me.
She was fine
one second
and then
a switch flipped.
Well, I gotta unflip
that switch.
I hopped through dimensions
to find you...
and I'm not leaving emptyhanded!
We'll see about that.
Shay, looks like this is
a family problem...
and I don't do family.
Be careful.
Hmm...
I'll take down the Professor.
(thinking)
But first...
Looks like another
student bit the dust.
Gong's gut's got
a bad feeling about this.
Then we'd better get moving.
We gotta find
Crow and Sylvio now!
Hey, ya blond baboon,
come out! Hey!
(panting)
(Sylvio, thinking)
Feet, don't fail me now.
Aah...!
You lost him.
You're all good...!
(growling)
♪♪♪
Let's duel!
I'm gonna go first.
And I'll start this off
by summoning
Raidraptor Vanishing Lanius!
But it won't be flying solo.
When it's summoned,
it can bring along a friend,
and I know the perfect one.
So I summon
Raidraptor Retrofit Lanius!
And Raidraptor Retrofit Lanius
is treated
as a Vanishing Lanius too.
And now, when I Xyz Summon,
Retrofit Lanius counts
as two monsters.
I overlay Vanishing Lanius
and Retrofit Lanius
in order to build
the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon!
Raidraptor Rise Falcon!
Come on, snap out of it.
You know what
this monster can do.
Lulu, please, I really
don't wanna hurt you.
You never could stop me,
and never will.
That's all about to change,
in the worst way possible.
(gasps)
Don't underestimate me.
You summoned a monster
with only 100 attack points
in attack mode?
It's obvious
that you want me to attack
and even more obvious
it's a trap!
You must think I'm a fool.
Oh, boy.
From my hand I summon
Lyrilusc Cobalt Sparrow!
And that lets me summon
Sapphire Swallow
and another Cobalt Swallow!
And this new Cobalt Swallow's
ability kicks in,
allowing me to summon
two more Lyriluscs!
So swooping on into my field
is Sapphire Swallow
and Cobalt Swallow!
And now I'm going to overlay
my three Cobalt Swallows
along with my two Sapphire
Swallows in order to build...
the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon
Lyrilusc Assembled Nightingale!
Lyrilusc Assembled Nightingale
now gains an extra
100 attack points
for every one
of her Overlay Units.
And it also has the power to
launch a direct attack on you
for every Overlay Unit as well.
So, tell me, is this little
maneuver supposed to scare me?
Lulu, you've tried the same
strategy on me a hundred times,
and do you know
how many times it failed?
A hundred.
Well, things are
about to change. Attack!
Do it again!
(groaning)
A third time!
What's the matter, Shay?
Is your little baby sister
too tough to take down?
(groaning)
Nightingale, one last time!
Oh, I thought you said
that my strategy was trash.
But who's the one
taking the knee?
Grr...
(snickers)
Your turn, brother.
Heartless gloating,
cruel and unfeeling...
(snickers)
My Parasite Monster
can tear apart
even the bonds
between brother and sister!
Hmm...
Success!
(laughing)
(groaning)
Lulu... listen...
I don't care if I
win this duel or lose it.
The only reason I'm dueling
is to bring you home.
Back to your friends,
back to your family...
Back to me!
Hah!
Such a noble cause, brother,
but I honestly can't wait
to watch you fail.
♪♪♪
I took dropping out of sight
to a whole new level!
I activate the spell card
Rank‐Up‐Magic Raid Force!
I use Raidraptor Rise Falcon
to Xyz Summon another Raidraptor
that's one rank higher.
Terror of the skies,
predator of blazing force,
with wings that slash
and talons that tear!
Go, Rank‐Up Xyz Evolution!
Rise up,
Raidraptor Blaze Falcon!
I activate its special ability.
By using one Overlay Unit,
Blaze Falcon destroys
your monster
and deals you
500 points of damage!
That's not going to work, bro.
I also use one of Assembled
Nightingale's Overlay Units,
creating a barrier to save her
from destruction!
But you're not getting
out of this unscathed.
Since Assembled Nightingale
used one of her Overlay Units,
she loses 100 attack points.
Things are gonna go
from bad to worse for you,
because Blaze Falcon
can attack you directly!
Attack!
Nothing you do will work
against me, dear brother.
I activate Assembled
Nightingale's special ability.
By using one of its
Overlay Units, I take no damage!
But you'll pay.
One less Overlay Unit means
Assembled Nightingale
loses another 100 attack points.
I end my turn.
You're up.
I know the rules.
(chuckles)
You might have gotten rid of two
of Assembled Nightingale's
Overlay Units,
but it can still attack you
three times in a row.
(groans)
(gasps)
(echoing)
Huh? Brother?
(groaning)
Brother!
Is that really you?
(groans)
(chuckling)
Even if you're mind‐controlled,
you're still using
the same old strategies,
ones I've mastered.
And now, like then,
those strategies still aren't
good enough to defeat me.
Ha! Well, then, here's a
strategy that you've never seen.
I activate the spell card
Lyrilusc Bird Song!
With the power of this spell,
I can summon a Level One monster
from my hand in defense mode.
Come on out, Fusion Parasite!
What? What's that thing?
You've never had that card
in your deck.
Well, I do now, brother,
and I can use Fusion Parasite
to Fusion Summon
without having to use the power
of the spell Polymerization!
Since when did you start
Fusion Summoning?
I fuse Lyrilusc Assembled
Nightingale and Fusion Parasite.
I'm afraid this is the end
of the road for you, brother.
It's been fun catching up...
but it's time to say good‐bye!
I Fusion Summon Lyrilusc
Independent Nightingale!
And Fusion Parasite equips
onto my Nightingale.
But I'm not done yet, brother,
not even close.
(whimpering)
When Independent Nightingale
is successfully summoned,
she gains a level for every one
of Assembled Nightingale's
Overlay Units.
Plus she gets 500
extra attack points per level,
raising her to 3,000.
(thinking)
I can't believe
she Fusion Summoned.
The real Lulu
would never do that.
It's like Duel Academy's
control over her
is getting
stronger and stronger.
Lyrilusc
Independent Nightingale,
attack Blaze Falcon!
I activate
Raidraptor Evasion!
By returning one
of Blaze Falcon's
Overlay Units to my hand,
Blaze Falcon's safe.
When will you learn
that you can't beat me?
Mm, you underestimate me
again, Shay.
Independent Nightingale's
special ability activates!
You take 500 points of damage
for each of her levels!
(grunting)
I activate Acceleration!
You gotta be quicker
than that, sis.
You know, for someone who said
"I don't care if I win or lose,"
you sure hate losing.
It's probably
your greatest weakness, Shay...
second to how you duel.
From my hand I activate the
spell card Lyrilusc Bird Strike!
It negates Blaze Falcon's
special abilities.
So, it can no longer
use an Overlay Unit
to destroy my Nightingale.
Let's see if you can
win this duel now.
It's not about winning.
Huh.
I'm not the only one
who misses you.
Huh?
Everyone back home
misses you as well.
Don't you remember
all your friends?
Saya misses you
just as much as me.
(man on p. a.) The winner:
Clover School's Saya
Sasayama!
(cheering and applause)
(Saya)
That was so much fun!
Here, have my card.
Huh?
Little Fairy?
I... can really have it?
Uh‐huh.
But, Saya, isn't this, like,
the most special card you have?
And that's the reason I
want you to have it, Lulu.
I think it'll be
a perfect fit for your deck.
Thank you.
Lulu, give that back.
Huh? Why?
Grr...
(Lulu)
Oh!
Oh! Oh...
A duelist should never hand over
her cards to her opponent.
Never!
I didn't know why Saya
would give her favorite
card to an opponent.
It just felt so wrong.
It didn't make any sense to me
at all back then, Lulu.
You know what doesn't
make sense to me?
Why you think I care
about this story.
Dueling Yuya taught me
what dueling's about.
It's not about winning,
it's about making friends.
Like how Saya wanted to become
friends with you.
By giving you her card.
So if there's any card
that can reach your heart,
this'll be it.
(laughing)
How did you get that card?!
I got it from a friend.
(panting)
Hmm...
Shay! Take this!
This'll bring you
to your senses!
By sending one card from my hand
to the graveyard,
Little Fairy gains one level.
I discard another card
to level her up again.
(giggling)
And there's more.
Next I activate
the spell Cross Xyz!
It lets me Xyz Summon
using a monster that has a level
instead of a rank.
No way!
You can actually Xyz Summon now?
I overlay Rank 5 Blaze Falcon
and Level 5 Little Fairy!
I Xyz Summon!
Raidraptor Stranger Falcon!
(gasping)
Lulu, listen.
I need you to fight.
You gotta
snap out of it.
This isn't you
and you know it yourself.
Or maybe you don't know me
at all!
So save your breath and duel!
But I do know you, Lulu...
and I'm never
giving up on you.
I never did,
I never will.
Tell me, Shay, was that actually
supposed to touch my heart?
Well, you failed,
like the failure you are!
I use one Overlay Unit
to activate Stranger Falcon's
special ability!
It'll destroy
your Independent Nightingale
and you take damage equal
to her... attack points!
That won't work.
I can send Fusion Parasite
to the graveyard
to stop her destruction.
(gasps)
I can't move!
I won't let you.
(gasps)
(grunting)
Aah...!
(groans)
Brother...
Lulu, are you okay?
You must... keep attacking.
Mm.
Raidraptor Stranger Falcon,
attack!
(groaning)
Lulu!
Lulu, wake up.
Everything's going to be
all right.
Oh, my, how incredibly touching.
They think they're
one happy family again,
but they don't know anything.
Never underestimate
my parasite.
(snickers)
Hmm...
(grunting)
Huh? Aah...!
Huh?
What are you doing down there?
I was just, uh...
hanging out.
(rustling)
You see, what happened was‐‐
Shh! Someone's here.
Huh?
I don't see anyone.
Shh!
Huh?
Hmm...
(breathing heavily)
Hah!
Huh! There they are.
Easy pickings.
You're the knuckleheads
who've been
groaning and groveling at me
this whole time?!
If you're looking for a duel,
you got one!
(all)
Duel!
For your dueling pleasure,
the universally renowned,
hyper‐skilled,
ultra‐talented Sylvio Sawatari
will go first.
Here goes!
(computer voice)
Intrusion penalty.
Huh?
2,000 life points.
All right!
Who's the wiseguy
who dares to interrupt
the duelsational stylings
of moi?
Anyone? Hello?
Hmm, must be
some sort of glitch.
You think?
That's ridiculous!
Come out!
Show yourself
or I'm comin' in after ya!
(breathing heavily)